Let's move into different authentication considerations.
So the first authentication consideration we would keep in
mind is that the data use for authentication must be protected.
It's as simple as you wouldn't tell people your password.
The data must be sufficiently random.
So two things to keep in mind that will help us make
data random is the password length and complexity.
Another point is the data must not be easily forged,
which means that it needs to be deterministically generated.
The other point would be the same data should be able to
authenticate someone no matter the conditions.
This is very obvious because you would want to login
to the same system with one password and not have to regenerate your password.